Added displayMode 'first-image' and 'showThumbnails' prop (#913)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/ProductImages.md

| `position`                | `Enum`    | Set the position of the thumbnails (`left` or `right`). Only used when `thumbnailsOrientation` is `vertical` | `left`        |
| `showNavigationArrows`             | `boolean`                                   | Controls if the navigation arrows should appear | `true`          |
| `showPaginationDots`             | `boolean`                                   | Controls if the pagination dots should appear | `true`          |

> | `showThumbnails`             | `boolean`                                   | Controls if the thumbnails should appear in `carousel` displayMode | `true`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `thumbnailVisibility`             | `visible` or `hidden`                                   | Controls if the thumbnails should appear in `carousel` displayMode | `visible`          |
```

Avoid boolean props
